Welcome back.
Let's go over the solutions for the previous assessment.
I'm going to open up Jupiter notebook and get started.
OK.
Here I am at the image basics assessment notebook and we're going to get started with a couple of imports
that we're going to be needing.
We'll import CB2 important umpires.
MP In case we need that.
And then finally since we know we're going to be displaying images we'll import that public thought
high plot as guilty and then map plot live in line.
We'll run that and then we'll read in the image sole reason with to him read it and we're going to do
here is right now it's in the data folder.
So say data and you should be able to again tap out to complete this if you're doing it correctly.
Dog backpack depending on where you are you may have to go back up a directory.
So say about thought forward slash.
Again it all depends on where this notebook actually is and where the data folder actually is.
Now if I were to directly show this with him show recall that the order of the colors is going to be
wrong so the blue and red channel are actually now switched.
So what we need to do is convert that using the CB2 CVT color function.
We're going to come down here and do that.
I'm going to say A I m g.
Red Green Blue is equal to CV to the CV t color and will take in the original image you read in and
then convert it by using color underscore blue green red to red green blue and now will display that
updated image image show R G B.
And when you run that you should now have this dog in the backpack picture.
Keep in mind I'm really zoomed in so yours may appear slightly smaller.
The next task is to flip the image upside down and display in The Notebook.
So we can do that is I can SOORLEY I can really just say new image is equal to image.
RG I can make a copy of it so I'm going to make a copy and then flip that copy so it will say new image
is equal to CB2 to flip that new image.
And the reason I created a new image was just because I didn't want to mess around with the original
copy and excellently flip the original.
So if you want to actually flip it upside down then we passen zero.
So I can say Pulte show.
So that new image and there is the dog backpack image upside down.
The next task was to draw an empty red rectangle around the dog's face and display the image in the
notebook.
Now we can just kind of guesstimate where the actual points are.
We just need to points of a rectangle.
So it looks like the start of the dog's face on the top left should be around maybe 250 400 ish maybe
200 380 a little less than 400 maybe a little less than 250.
And again we're just guesstimating here.
So I'll say Point 1 is equal to the coordinates.
And I'm just using the solutions here but your values may be slightly different.
So it's the top left corner and then point two for the bottom right corner that should be probably around
if I'm just guesstimating here a little over 500.
And then somewhere around 700 for the Y.
So let's just say 600 700.
So I have my two points the top left corner and the bottom right corner.
So I will do is I will say to rectangle and then grab my original red green blue image and then say
Point 1 is equal to point one.
Point two is equal to point two.
So we're just saying the parameters here that we defined earlier and then for the color.
Now that it's been corrected the red channel is first so I'll say two five five for red and then we
have green blue zeros and it's up to you what or if thickness you want to do.
You should add some thickness to it otherwise you won't really be able to see the rectangle so I would
say thickness 10.
And let's show the results that will say realty show image red green blue run that and I get to see
the rectangle around the dog's face so that all worked out.
Up next we want to draw a blue triangle in the middle of the image.
Now the size and angles of the triangle itself is kind of up to you but probably the easiest to do is
an equilateral triangle here since these bottom points of the triangle are sharing a value here around
the Y.
Let's go ahead and figure how out how we can do this.
So the first thing to do is set up our vertices and then we're going to have to choose our points.
So in this case we're going to have three sets of points.
So let's go ahead and set up those three Brace's.
So first go to this first point.
Over here I would say this point is around 250 and 700.
So say 250 long x 700 along Y.
And then if we go straight over to the next point the bottom right point of this triangle that's actually
going to have the same values of 700.
So we'll go ahead and fill that in right out about 700.
And it's kind of up to you how far along you want to go.
It looks like this one goes around up to 600.
So we'll add that one as a point.
And then in the middle the top one well that can be basically right in the middle the image.
So for this one it's kind of up to you but let's go ahead and say around 425 and then kind of in the
middle it's around 400 again lots of different possible answers here.
So four to five and then 400.
Essentially just picking the x and y coordinates of these three points.
Now in order to make sure this works we should be casting this as an integer so we'll say.
And P. I.A. 32 bit sometimes depending on what version of an operating system you use.
If you don't pass in the data type here you make it an error because it doesn't understand that viruses
or floating point numbers.
So we'll keep them as integers here.
And if we check out our vertices it's essentially an array that looks like this.
But remember that open C-v is actually quite particular about what format the point should be in.
So if we actually check the shape of this it's three two and that's not the format that open CV wants.
So we're going to follow the same recipe that we showed earlier in the lecture.
And keep in mind I don't have these sort of recipes memorized.
I basically just reference my own notes here.
But we're going to reshape this too negative one.
One two and upon doing that for checkup the vertices.
Now they're organized with kind of an extra layer of dimension.
So now show the points that we reformatted and there we go.
So now we see there's an extra dimension there.
And if I check the shape of points now has three dimensions it's three by one by two.
That way I can match up kind of those color channels.
OK.
So we have point shape ready to go.
Let's actually now create the poly lines will say CB2 poly Alliance passen the image we want to draw
on this case.
Image R.G..
And then as a list passen the points again.
Another weird quirk of open C-v we'll say is closed equal to true.
So we actually close that up and connect those points and then the color we want it to be blue.
So will say red is 0 green is zero and blue is for value 2 5 5.
And we can go ahead and give this what are of thickness we want let's make that triangle pretty thick.
That way we can see easily and then let's display the result.
So we do that on the image.
I m g r g b.
So when I run that and I scroll down now I get to see that blue triangle.
Keep mine that red rectangle is actually still there from the previous drawing up here.
So if you want to get rid of that you just need to read in the image file again or just run this line
again.
If we scroll all the way back up here remember we still have this line right here.
So if you copy this scroll down and then enter it right above that cell and you rerun this.
That basically reads in that original image fixes the color and set resets the image R.G. be.
So if you look at the solutions notebook that line is also included there.
OK.
So now we have the last bonus task and it is can you figure out how to fill in this triangle.
So you had to do a little bit of searching and if you click on this link it'll take you to the link
called Fill poly and hopefully are able to figure out that Phil Polley essentially works at the exact
same point.
As polyline except it will actually fill it out.
So notice here Python's CB2 Phil Polley the image the points the color essentially telling you what
the function should do.
So let's come back here and actually then fill that out.
So we're going to take essentially what we have a peer copy that and then paste it here.
Except now we're going to do is instead of poly lines I'm just going to say fill poly and then the thickness
parameter no longer makes sense because we know it's filled in as well as he is close parameter.
If you take a look back at the drawing function Phil Polley doesn't actually have is close because obviously
if you're filling it it tends to be closed.
So let's actually try running this and see if this works for us.
So if you run that you should see a filled in blue triangle.
OK.
So this last task you may need to run as a script depending on what your operating system is.
If you're on a Mac OS or Linux you're probably should run this as a separate script away from this notebook.
I don't know Windows right now so I don't really have those issues are going to put it all in one cell.
This task is to create a script that opens the picture the dog back picture and allows you to draw empty
red circles wherever you click the right mouse button.
So let's go ahead and do our imports here.
We'll redo everything just in case you intend running this as superscripts important up-I and P and
then we're going to create a function called create circle and what this does is it takes in the events
the X and Y location of that particular event and then flags and parameters and we want the event to
happen when we click the right mouse button.
So we'll see if the events was equal to CB2 events and if you hit tab here you should be able to find
a right mouse button if you start exploring.
And in fact it's right here.
It's our Button-Down just like the last one was L-band down for left mouse button.
And then we'll go ahead and add a circle close say CB2 circle image and then X come A-Y and let's go
ahead and give this a radius of 100.
We want a read.
So we'll say 0 0 2 5 5.
Since we're dealing right now with open CV remember it's ordering is blue green red.
So it leaves 2 5 5 here.
And if you want it filled in we can say negative 1 if we want to go thicknesse we can say something
like thickness is equal to 10.
So kind of up to you what you want to do there.
I think we said MT's red circle so we'll just say thickness is equal to 10.
So there is our great circle and now we need to set up the connections and open up the image.
So we'll see image is equal to.
And in this case will say CB2 image read.
And I'm going to read in from data that backpack image previously we were just making our own images
with an umpire.
But just going to read this one in.
Remember we need to create a named window so window name.
Let's go ahead and just have it be dog.
So that's the same name we're going to assign with the set.
Mouse call back.
Will sign it to dog and then we'll connect it to our draw circle function and then finally let's go
ahead and set up the while loop will continue to display this image we'll see.
While true CV to him Show will show a window called dog with the image that we read in and then finally
we have our if CB2 that waky with some arbitrary value 20 milliseconds ampersand.
Remember it's 0 x f f is equal to 27.
The escape key.
Go ahead and break out of that loop and then finally just for safety will destroy all the windows.
Ok so very similar to what we did in the past.
Basically the only difference is the event it's a right button down.
And instead of creating our own image in Ampyra is reading it in.
Let's run this and make sure it works.
Looks like we may have draw circles not the fine loops I said create circle.
So let's go ahead and say create a circle OK run that again.
It looks like it's running.
So let me look down here see if I have something.
So there's a cute dog.
And as I click on the right mouse button there I get to see the empty circles.
OK.
So it looks like everything is working.
Do you have any questions.
Definitely check out the solutions.
No put.
There's a lot more explanatory comments in it and feel free to post the Kewney forums.
Thanks and we'll see you at the next section of the course.